IGNITE-13796 docs: update docs and examples for kubernetes module (#8532)
apache/ignite: modules/kubernetes/DEVNOTES.md

>     - The executable file that will start an Ignite node process from `ignite-kubernetes/config/run.sh`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The executable file that starts the Ignite node process from `ignite-kubernetes/config/run.sh`
```

> Go to the folder and execute a command below to prepare the image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prepare the image, navigate to the folder and execute the following command:
```
